>> Kyle Simpson: Some of
you may be wondering,
well what about arrow functions?
That favorite feature that we've
added to ES6 for who knows how long,
I mean who knows how long people have
been asking for this arrow function, but
it finally landed in ES6.
I like to imagine that maybe
Brendan Ike wanted to do that
in the original prototypes, and
it just took him 15 years or whatever.
But arrow functions arrived
in year six a few years back.
And it is as if the clouds opened and
heaven shone down upon us, if you will,
that people just seemed to move to
this new level of enlightenment and
love and joy for the language
once they got the arrow function.
You see here on line 1, the usage
of an arrow function in the math,
as opposed to a name function expression.
So you're wondering, hey Kyle,
what's your feeling about arrow functions?
And my response is,
arrow functions are anonymous.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't think you should
use anonymous function expressions,
I think you can do the math.
I don't think you ought to
be using arrow functions.
Certainly I don't think you should be
using arrow functions as a general
replacement for all other functions.
You shouldn't be using them just because
they're nice and short, concise syntax.
That isn't why they were created,
that's only one of the characteristics
that maybe I think could be argued
not even the primary characteristic.
The shorter the syntax by the way,
the more complex the corner
cases of syntax are.
And if you've ever wrangled
various different corner cases,
there is like 15 different variations
on the arrow function syntax.
So doesn't come without a cost.
But I would tell you that the only way
looking at line 1 that you can figure out
what that error function is doing,
is to read it's function body.
But when I read the function name
I don't need to read any code.
There's one English name there that
tells me the purpose of that function.
A lot of people argue with me and say,
the arrow function on line 1
is completely self obvious.
Maybe it is self obvious, but
it is still an inference.
You are still having to infer
the purpose of that from the code,
rather than seeing the purpose listed out.
And if I gave an even better name,
I was saving space on the slides.
But if I gave an even better name like
get person ID or get default person id.
I can put lots of more information in
there that semantically tells the reader
of my code what its purpose is,
that would not be obvious in the code.
>> Kyle Simpson: So, my take is, don't
use arrow functions for this purpose.
Later in the course we will come back to
arrow functions and you'll see the one and
only one exception that I have
to the arrow functions rule,
which is their lexical this behavior.
But I do not endorse or recommend or
suggest using them as a general
replacement for any function.
>> Kyle Simpson: Short or long?
Another example, if you've done promise
chains, I'm not a big fan of promise
chains anyway, but
if you like to do promise chains,
this is another case where you often
will just parse in these functions.
Here's one of these places where even
though, that I was asked earlier,
I might tend for my rule because
this is a one liner on line 14.
I might tend to do that as
an inline function expression,
because I really dislike the readability
of promise chain so much.
I find them very hard to read and very
spaghetti-ish, very much like the jQuery
code that everybody said we shouldn't
be doing several years back.
I find promise chains to
be in that same style.
And I used to be in love with that style,
and now I very much dislike that style,
from a readability perspective primarily.
So even though I might normally have
a rule where I would pass it as an inline
function expression.
In this particular case,
I would probably pull that function
out as a function declaration, and
therefore the promise chain would have
something like you see on line 11,
which is referencing a function by name,
instead of a function expression at all.
But I still wouldn't use the arrow
function like you see on line 10.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now, some people
have said, well, they're anonymous,
but you can still assign
them to variables and
get almost the same benefit out of them,
right?
I can take this getId and
assign it a variable called getId, and
then I'm using people.map.
And it's true that the line 2 definitely
does have a name in it called getId.
But if you went to the trouble
to do line 1, guess what,
it's actually fewer characters
to do the function declaration.
Why do you go to all the trouble
especially by the way if you use a const,
it's two more characters long.
If you do the math, you're actually
spending as much or more characters
to define the function that way, rather
than doing it as a function declaration.
So I just don't see any reason why people
are stuck on this,other than almost
an emotional attachment to this idea
that we can write more concise code.
Guess what, more concise code does not
automatically equal more readable code.
In some cases, it does, but
in many other cases, it doesn't.
>> Kyle Simpson: So there's my really
super unpopular opinion on arrow
functions, just some food for thought.